- [Instructor] So now let's build
a CommandLineRunner for ourselves.
The first thing that we're going to do
is we're going to build a new module.
And once again, I'm going to use the plugin functionality
of my IDE.
If you don't have that, go to start.spring.io,
do the exact same things, import it in your IDE
based on where your exercise files are
and you should be good to go.
So we'll go ahead and create that module.
For the group this time we're going to do
corn.frankmoley.lil.spt.clr.
And this one will be the room clr.
Now, this is where it's going to get a little bit different.
We're actually not going to choose anything.
We're just going to accept all of the defaults and hit next.
Make sure it's where we wanted in our exercise files
and hit finish.
Now I'm going to enable Maven
And allow it to do its thing.
All right.
So the first thing that we want to do once we get this built
is we're going to open up our POM file
and we do need to add a couple of dependencies.
And we'll talk about what these are here in a moment.
The first little one that we need to add
is we need to add spring-boot-starter-json
from spring boot itself.
Now this is going to allow us to get a JSON Marshaller
onto our class path.
Other dependency that we need to add.
And this one comes from spring itself.
This is not a boot dependency.
This is just org.springframework and it's web.
And we don't need the version
because the parent POM takes care of that.
So now we've got our dependencies in place.
Let's have Maven bring them all in.
All right.
Now we're going to cheat a little bit.
We're going to go to our room web application
open up source main Java.
And in our models, we want to grab the room element.
We want to bring it over here into our package.
And then we're going to add an order for readability
a two string methods.
So I'm just going to generate one.
Yeah, and we will get to the rest of that here in a moment.
So let's go into our room, seal our application.
We're going to do a few things in here.
First thing I want to do is I want to create a Logger.
So I've got a clean way to push our data.
So private static final Logger called LOG
and we will get it from the LoggerFactory.getLogger
and we will simply pass it through roomClrapplication.class.
This is pretty standard
with SLF4J on how to get a Logger.
Now, remember when we brought in spring web,
there was a reason for that.
We're going to create a rest template.
So let's create a bean of type Rest Template.
We will call it RestTemplate.
And what we get auto configured is a RestTemplate builder,
will simply call this builder
and we will return builder.built,
go and import in a RestTemplate.
And now we're going to create another bean.
And this is one way that you can do command line runner.
Usually I actually create a separate class
but for this purpose, it's fine to embed it here as a bean.
So we'll do a command line runner.
We'll simply call it run.
We're going to pass in our RestTemplate to it.
And this one will throw an exception.
So we don't have to worry about trapping it.
All right.
Now, the first thing we want to do is we want to return args
and we're going to build a Lambda.
So let's go ahead and do our Lambda,
and we'll wrap that up.
Now, step one, let's know that we're actually starting.
I do this often in the command line application
because it allows me a good debug point to make sure
on a running system that I've started up.
And I also will finish with a log message that matches it.
Now in between, this is the meat and potatoes.
We're going to get a construct called a Response Entity
and it's a templatized construct.
And it takes in this case, a list of room elements
and we will call this rooms.
Let's go ahead and import all of that in.
Now we get this from our RestTemplate.exchange.
First thing we need to do is we need to pass in
where we are calling to.
We're calling to localhost:8888/API/rooms.
We'll put a comma here
so we can kind of break this up a little bit.
And now we are going to call HTTP GET,
we're going to pass it a null entity,
and then we are going to create a new
parameterized type reference.
And that Parameterize type reference is list and room again.
And then we're going to close that out.
So what this will do is it will call rest template.
It will exchange and get an element back.
That element is an array of rooms in the form of a list.
So now we can do rooms that get body
which gets us that list.
We'll do a ForEach on it
and we very simply we'll do another Lambda here
and we're going to do a log.info room.two string.
Now, if everything's to go,
we can start up our room web application
in the background and allow it to fire up,
and then we can run our CLR application.
Yeah, well, let's take a look at our console output here
and you'll notice we never put data in this application.
So it ran, it started the CLR.
It made the call to the web service on the remote system
brought across all the data, formatted it and finished.
And obviously this is a very trivial task.
You'll get into much more advanced tasks as you go
but this gives you the idea of what you can do
and what you can start thinking about doing.